add relative path snippet (#6547)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/project-configs/model-paths.md

Optionally specify a custom list of directories where [models](/docs/build/models) and [sources](/docs/build/sources) are located.

## Default

> By default, dbt will search for models and sources in the `models` directory, i.e. `model-paths: ["models"]`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, dbt will search for models and sources in the `models` directory. For example, `model-paths: ["models"]`. 
```
